['Your final grade will be determined based on the weighted average of the exercises, participation, homework and a final project. The faculty reserves the flexibility to change the grade thresholds for the final grade. Exercises and the post class quizzes comprise of a total of thirty five percent of the final grade. The pre class quizzes are only for your understanding and will not be graded. The exercises need to be submitted before set deadlines and they are auto graded by the edstem platform. You need to be careful before changing some part of your code if you approach a question differently as the auto grader does not accept alternative solutions please follow the instructions. Ten percent of your grade is participation. Attendance is graded and has a small percent in the final grade. Labs are not graded. Check the Course Information page for more.']

['All the assignments have set deadlines. The exercise and post class quizzes have to be submitted before five pm on the day of the following lecture. Extensions will be allowed only in exceptional cases. Exceptional cases may be considered for extending the project deadline.']

['We expect you to work for about fifteen hours a week. Your TAs take the office hour. Please check the course information slide for zoom links. The official announcements will be posted on edstem. All official communication by Prof. Protopapas will be made on edstem. Please post a private message on edstem if your homework partner is not responding. If you don’t have a homework partner, private message us on edstem with your details.']

['Exercises have to be done individually but can be discussed in breakout rooms. We can tell you that each session has an exercise and there is a homework after each week. The homework can be found on edstem in the lessons tab. After you’re done working on the homework, you and your partner have to submit the homework in the edstem lessons tab. It is subject to change and the homework release and will be announced during the session. You will work on a project in groups of four on a topic of your choice based on what you learnt in the course. A presentation is to be made at the end of the module. A five minute video along with the slides and a jupyter notebook with the code is to be submitted. A presentation video must be five minutes long. Presentations are group activities and are to be done in groups of four. Do not share your code with others as it is in violation of our code of conduct.']

['Labs are not graded but will be helpful for implementing the concepts taught in class. All sessions will be recorded and uploaded for everyone to view. All students have access to all the captured video materials and live streaming. The recording links will be posted on edstem and can be accessed as per convenience or need. Office hours will not be recorded. Attend the office hours to get your questions answered. The reading material can be found on edstem forums under the ‘Lectures’ category. The reading for the next session will be posted after every lab. All the material is available on edstem and can be accessed on the platform. ']
